WIP Docs/rewrite readme (#147)
arthur91f/exeiac: README.md

  even if your infrastructure management tool doesn't provide that
  feature

## What is a brick
First, exeIaC deals with infra bricks. What is an infra brick ? Basically
it's a directory that contains some infra code. It can be a terraform directory
to deploy a VM, an ansible playbook to configure an host, an helm chart or simply
a template that describe some instruction to do manually.

> To understand this page it's sufficient. But if you want to understand deeper 
> the genious idea behind that concept, how many type of dependencies exist 
> between your bricks and all element that compose your brick (code description,
> input, ouput, events, trigger, command), I let you read that [page](./docs/brick_concept_and_dependencies)

Reviewer: Small phrasing changes :roll_eyes: 

```suggestion
This summary should be enough for you to be able to read the following paragraphs
and have a basic understanding of exeIaC.
But if you want to get a better grasp at the brick concept itself and its genius simplicity
you can fin a deeper insight on [this documentation page](./docs/brick_concept_and_dependencies).
```

> ## Get started and how it works summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get started
```

I think this is still just a get started paragraph.

The ideal case here would be to have a `## tutorial` section or file with an actual step by step with a toy infrastructure and the content of the files so a user can get an actual running project to play with. Basically a more involved guide than what already is in `howto_write_configuration_file`. (c.f. [a tutorial's purpose](https://documentation.divio.com/tutorials.html) and the [4 types of doc](https://www.writethedocs.org/videos/eu/2017/the-four-kinds-of-documentation-and-why-you-need-to-understand-what-they-are-daniele-procida/))

If you provide me with a simple running project, I can gladly draft something for you :slightly_smiling_face:
